What is the precedential value of concurring opinions by the Supreme Court?
What election documents must be filed by the Secretary of State?
What are post facto laws? 
Can the Governor appoint heads of executive departments unilaterally?
What constitutes publication for purposes of libel?
What crimes disqualify a candidate from holding public office?
For what purposes may a county borrow money?
What agency manages the public lands of the State of New Mexico?
What are the rights of non-English speakers with respect to voting?
What are the requirements for a valid appropriation bill?
What are the Secretary of State’s obligations with respect to presidential elections?
Do laws have to be published in languages other than English?
How does a proposed legislation become law?
How many justices of the New Mexico court of appeals are required for a majority decision?
What constitutional provision limits the government’s ability to restrict religion?
What is the process to declare the results of an election within a county?
What is the governor required to do prior to the start of a regular legislative session?
Does newly enacted legislation apply to pending cases?
What are the Commissioner of Public Lands’ authorities with respect to oil and gas leases?
What constitutional provisions govern the process of filling judicial vacancies?
How many jurors must agree to a verdict in a civil case?
What constitutional and statutory provisions govern the compensation of state legislators?
In what circumstances does a conviction violate double jeopardy?
What constitutional provisions govern the impeachment process in New Mexico?
What residency requirements apply to judicial candidates?
What criminal matters are within the jurisdiction of the magistrate courts?
What is the process for filling a judicial vacancy on the metropolitan court?
How much time does the governor have to sign a bill into law after it is passed by the legislature?
What statute governs racketeering activities in New Mexico?
What are the requirements for the issuance of bonds by a county?
Under what circumstances can a commissioner of the Public Regulation Commission be removed from office?
What laws govern public education financing?
What is the process for amending the New Mexico constitution?
What are the requirements for an emergency legislative session?
What is the process for municipal annexation?
What entity is responsible to fund the construction of a district courthouse in New Mexico?
What is the process or procedure for filling vacancies in offices of district attorney, county commissioner, and governor?
Is there a distinction between the duties of probate court clerks and those of district court clerks, and if so, what are the specific differences?
What is the process to appeal a decision by the state engineer?
What is the process for selecting a chief justice?
What are the powers of the lieutenant governor?
Are there any laws that apply specifically to students who speak Spanish?
What is the process to fill a judicial vacancy?
What legislation enforces the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo?
What are the qualification requirements for justices on the New Mexico Supreme Court?
When do county sheriffs have jurisdiction over crimes committed in Indian country?
Who has authority to declare a public health emergency?
Which elected officials are required to post a bond?
In what circumstances is the habeas corpus privilege considered to be suspended, and what legal doctrine justifies such suspension?
What is the process to fill a legislative vacancy?
What laws govern school attendance?
How long are the terms of county commissioners?
When does an elected official’s term in office commence?
What are the legal requirements for municipal bonds?
How is compensation calculated when private land is taken for public use under eminent domain?
Who are the beneficiaries of revenues derived from New Mexico’s public lands?
Can a criminal conviction be enhanced due to the use of a deadly weapon?
What constitutes misuse of public moneys by a public officer?